Adrian Haro
CS 232
2/15/2020

Prior to this class I have been exposed to Python basics,
html5, css3, Data Structures and Algorithms. I decided to
break up this assignment into 3 phases. Phase 1 was about
making the connections of interactions from end-point to end-point.
Phase 2 was about learning the syntax and the structure 
between flask to jinja to html. I came in confident in 
picking up python again but I was still having issues with
indentation the first week. The 3rd phase is mostly about refining
the blog with images, text and removing unecessary code.

I am concurrently taking web apps and being a month into that class
I am making the connections on how web pages work.
Now that the assignment is past due I feel like I am better understanding
flask. I took too long to settle in but I do plan to work on it through out
the semester.

My concern with having a FULL template code given out is that I'd just copy it 
and not learn what it actually is doing versus struggling to figure out
the nuances of this homework but at the same time I wasn't able 
to pick this assignment up until after having more hand holding exposure
in web apps. I think the first assignment could be an intro to python basics
with a short due date and then the blog for those taking web apps concurrently.

My recommendation is to enforce students the idea about getting
comfortable with break points and running through code. I didn't start
doing this much until past 1.5 weeks.

I am currently helping a friend that is taking Java at College of the 
Redwoods. I have experienced that even tho I feel like I give 
accurate and well defined explanations, he still steps back and 
asks me to explain it to him like if he was 5 years old and in my 
head I feel as if I watered a hydrophobic sponge.

I've been wondering why words sometimes don't seem to be enough, 
I have an idea for an approach but it is not practical.
I'll ask him what he's trying to achieve and then ask him
to explain his approach and that's how I catch his invalid
pre-conceived notions about an idea.

Sometimes It's not the ideas that are presented that are unclear
but rather how people interpret it or confuse something in between.

For example, watching a youtube video or a professor go over a problem
makes the viewer feel like they "Get it" but as soon as
the video or lecture is over, It turns out not to be the case.

I really like the buddy system as it forces students to interact
and share their interpretations and clear up misconceptions.

Comments: I am jelous of the mobile apps students and Data Structures students
    working with C#, I wish I could take all your classes.
